title: 5th June<br/>2020
layout: simple

Hi all,

These have been difficult times, we hoped for better news, but as time goes by it seems unlikely they will come. Airline companies all around are struggling, there are several border controls in place, and big events are restricted until further notice. As an example, in Portugal all festivals have been canceled until the 30th of September; other smaller events can follow or keep severe distancing rules which drastically reduces the maximum number of possible attendees. Long story short, the current schedule is no longer viable.

Now for some good news, DSF allowed us to keep the conference in Porto for another year, so we will host DjangoCon Europe 2021 with as much enthusiasm as we had for this year. Nevertheless, since no one wants to go one year without DjangoCon Europe, we will have the very first **Virtual DjangoCon Europe** ever, **open for everyone free of charge**. This will allow us (Django Community) to have some of the needed interaction, while keeping everybody safe.

The virtual conference will take place on September 18-19 (Friday and Saturday). Moreover, in terms of content, the available talk submissions will be evaluated and ranked. Afterwards, the selected speakers will be invited for the new format. 

We will be very happy to have you in this year's virtual conference, but we also hope to see you at Porto next year!

Thank you all for your patience and support,
The 2020 DjangoCon Europe Organization Team

---

#### Tickets Policy

For those of you with bought tickets have two available choices:

- **Keep them for 2021 DjangoCon Europe** at Porto (finally!). This is a good deal because you will keep this year’s price, regardless of the next year’s price. 
- Ask for a refund until the 30th of June through [this form](https://forms.gle/TkzNNatjppqcfRXm8){:target="_blank"}. 

Take into consideration that refunding tickets takes time, fees, and paperwork. So, by keeping your ticket for next year you are helping the organization team, and as such we want to reward that by making sure you get the cheapest price for the conference. Additionally, if you bought your ticket at the normal price (not early bird), we will refund you the price difference - requests shall be made on the following [form](https://forms.gle/TkzNNatjppqcfRXm8){:target="_blank"}.

Please note that next year prices are expected to go up. This crisis is having and will still have more economical implications, that will impact everyone including the event organization, as such, it should be nearly impossible to keep the same prices.

All ticket refunds will be processed in bulk after the 30th of June.

---

#### Sponsors Policy

As a sponsor you have three available choices:

- **Stick with us till the next year** 2021 DjangoCon Europe at Porto, and to reward the commitment you will be a sponsor of 2020 DjangoCon Europe, the very first virtual-only DjangoCon Europe.
- Reduce your sponsorship level, to one you feel comfortable
- Ask for a refund

We thank all the patience and commitment shown this far but we also understand if you can no longer keep the sponsorship, or the sponsorship level agreed upon. Please send us an email in any case.

